I want you to know you're under no
obligation to stand up for Valerie you
no longer engaged her she's in love with
someone else that doesn't mean I've
stopped caring about her I imagine
that's just how was he told about you
she had a crush on me Oh more than a
crush I think she would have done
absolutely anything for you I even
agreed to meet you on a wolf flight if
you asked her to why are you doing this
do you think you accusing me of murder
I'm not accusing you of anything
I just find out the truth
it's you
I gotta see I can smell it on you huh
why can't you smell me like my father
died I could smooth it's like a deep
Musk
I can smell it all right now what you do
out there that cabin all by yourself
tonight on the night of Lucy died you
don't know do you
I know what you're doing but I'm not
gonna let you turn this on me
[Music]